updated how-to guides (#63)
dappforce/subsocial-docs: docs/develop/how-to-guides/ConnectToSubsocial.md

  // Gets all reactions (upvotes/downvotes) by you on all post ids [we are using multi request from blockchain]
  const tuples = postIds.map(postId => [ myAccount, postId ])
  const reactionIds = await substrateApi.query.reactions.postReactionIdByAccount.multi(tuples)
  const reactions = await api.blockchain.findReactions(reactionIds)

```

> > Try out these codes now in our [Playground](https://play.subsocial.network).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Try out the code now in our [Playground](https://play.subsocial.network).
```

> > You can learn more about these terms in the [Glossary](/docs/basics/glossary/overview)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You can learn more about these terms in the [Glossary](/docs/basics/glossary/overview).
```
